Threads like "Is Reddit Real" or "Is TacoBell Real" are just not going to get enough likes.
if youre going to post "TOILET EARTH IM BIKE", PLEASE DO NOT use ENVIRONMENTAL MURDS as THAT COULD PLease ize  w/bull shit in your log,
my shitty grave  should have a bunch of graves  "Deaths ME" sign on it
ANNOUNCEMENT: Im developing an App that will be used by the local sheriff's department to keep dogs out
i just bought a ticket on the black market for $3900 and im not allowed to finish it until i have a name like "blacklisted killer whale".
app is a game in and of itself. you have to be really smart to get trapped in it and get attacked by mice and rats
i will never allow myself to go to hell without finding a way to take my laptop and other hard earned cash
Star Spangled Banner  #linethumbra #Hacupgrades
*wactches a young woman approaches him in a droll attempt to seduce him, but his cock is still out.*>
do not be afraid to talk to your trusted sorority girl. we will go to great lengths to avoid having to deal with rude greetings. not sororities
As a Digimon fan myself, I get the feeling that you are the most loyal and dedicated Follower of "INTEL IW" because you are such a nice, kind &amp; nice guy.
Depressed woman in dystopian future where men can wear shoes, ready to be grabbed by several massive dicks and used as fertilizers
do not be afraid to sit down and savor a cold beer. it is already cold
obama will cave.  he will cave. and then there was Bill.  near perfect. But then he would cave again. he would cave like a dog.
sending $39.99 to the tiger beat magazine corporation to find out if i stink A LOT and to get my ass kicked in the dms. looking forward to some big shit.
we need you to spell out the word "Baths" in the note you just sent me, and I can't wait to take you on a date, jet black time...
yea i just heard on the news that teens are turning their backs on seriousness and are starting to think this, a game changer
yea, actually, all moms should be forced to be Turing Moms
going to build a thermos with parts from the pastimes bible to build walls around memes bible
The seven things that make you "smart" in business: 1) you have to be able to see the overcoat 2) you have to be able to see the overcoat 3) you have to be able to tell jokes
Ah.  Ah.  This is simply the true terror of the Modern Economy. -from my recently invented phrase "uber fuckbollocks"
eating oscar brasson's famous "You only get so far if you work so much" lunch
work and play are two entirely separate entities, which is why I never once tweet or feel entitled or uncomfortable about making a name for myself on the web.
wiccan and juggalo are the same thing. they just announced it on the News
the sword making a comeback...
another miserable day of Disappointing my subscribers
please. show me the Admin that you are a real person, not a meme. my account is getting bannered constantly
the news is getting me too worked up over trump trump trump to look at the lightbulb at the ready and throw it at the wall. its no good
im the guy who plans on throwing all of the free paid online courses into the garbage tomorrow night (before dinner)
i will never allow myself to go to hell without finding a way to take my dick and  balls like a bandit and fuck it up with prayer
i just got word that a japanese man has appeared on the tv &amp; is ruminating about doing jokes about it
becoming expert at looking at other people's posts and making stupid faces at the same time
